# Curriculum vitae

Hi, my name is Bogdan. I am ...

Before my experience, I would like to say a few words about my interests.

## Interests

Briefly, I have two groups of interests: 1) reduce the impact of humanity on the environment and 2) improve the quality of life of people.
In both cases, I have areas that are more interesting to me then others.

Reduce the impact of humanity on the environment:
* renewable energy,
* garbage recycling,
* eco-friendly packaging,
* consumption optimization.

Improve the quality of life of people:
* robotics in different areas,
* pharmaceuticals,
* efficient transport.

## Experience

### Head of bioinformatic software development group

👉 [BIOCAD](https://biocad.ru/) / *Saint-Petersburg, Russia*

🗓 02.2019 – current time / *more than 2 years*

🔧 Haskell, Python, React, RabbitMQ, Gitlab

2020
ylab2
mq4

2019
abscan
avtogene


### Lead software developer

👉 [BIOCAD](https://biocad.ru/) / *Saint-Petersburg, Russia*

🗓 01.2018 – 01.2019 / *1 year 1 month*

🔧 Haskell

project-keeper / haskell
minibabr / cuda


### Senior software developer

👉 [BIOCAD](https://biocad.ru/) / *Saint-Petersburg, Russia*

🗓 01.2017 – 12.2017 / *1 year*

🔧 Haskell, ZeroMQ

ig-annotator / haskell
folding / haskell
monique / ZeroMQ, Haskell


### Software developer

👉 [BIOCAD](https://biocad.ru/) / *Saint-Petersburg, Russia*

🗓 05.2016 – 12.2016 / *8 months*

🔧 Scala, Julia

first semantic / scala
authorization / scala
ylab / scala
basecaller / julia


### Junior software developer

👉 [Laser Systems](http://www.lsystems.ru/en/) / *Saint-Petersburg, Russia*

🗓 07.2015 – 04.2016 / *10 months*

🔧 Qt

**Position algorithm.** I created algorithm to position laser tool in several modes: scan, shortest path from one point to another and so on. This problem contains a lot of fun problems in stereometry.

**Bus.** I wrote code for module that connects about 20 different components of product (motors, sensors, power and so on). Also this module make a health-check for all of this components with their own protocols based on protobuf.


### Mathematician

👉 [Kotlin-Novator](https://www.kotlin-novator.ru/) / *Saint-Petersburg, Russia*

🗓 01.2015 – 06.2015 / *6 months*

🔧 Python, LaTeX

**Algorithms.** I solved aircraft navigation problems and created different algorithms for them.
For example, how to find optimum trajectory to land down aircraft with a lot of restrictions such that total mass, current fuel level, hight, wind direction, current aircraft velocity and so on.
Another example is navigation problem for several aircrafts: find the optimum trajectory of the aircraft relative to other (taking off, landing, cruise formation).


### Junior web-developer

👉 Mr.Brooks Private Marketing

🗓 12.2013 – 12.2014 / *1 year*

🗺 Saint-Petersburg, Russia

🔧 WordPress, JavaScript, CSS, Adobe Illustrator

**Web-sites.** I made several web-sites, based on [WordPress](wordpress.com) CMS and customized them with JavaScript. Customers were AAG Group of compamies, Moskovsky Univermag, Mr. Brooks.

**Font.** In collaboration with designers we created new font. My task was to convert vector images to font format and made corrections for inter-letter spaces for all combinations of two letters.


## Education

### Saint Petersburg State University, Russia

🗓 09.2010 – 06.2015

Mathematics and Mechanics Faculty

Diploma of Specialist in Mathematical Physics

### Saint Petersburg State University, Russia

🗓 09.2011 – 08.2014

Faculty of Military Studies

Lieutenant

## Diplomas and certificates

* 2009, ICYS, Silver Medal in Mathematics, Pszczyna, Poland
* 2010, ICYS, Gold Medal in Mathematics, Bali, Indonesia
* 2010, Intel ISEF, Third place in Mathematics, San Jose, USA

## Presentations 

#### 02.2019 [Think like a graph / Думай как граф](https://youtu.be/BPB5omKK4Tc) (in russian)

Presentation from *FProg SPb* meeting about Neo4j database and Haskell libraries to work with it.

## Articles

* Nazarov A.I., Neterebskii B.O. *The Multiplicity of Positive Solutions to A Quasilinear Equation Generated By The Il′in–Caffarelli–Cohn–Nirenberg Inequality.* J Math Sci 224, 448–455 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10958-017-3427-z
* Yakovlev Pavel, Anikin Anton, Bolshakova Olga, Gasnikov Alexander, Gornov Alexander, Ermak Timofei, Makarenko Dmitrii, Morozov Vladimir, Neterebskii Bogdan. *Algorithms for local minimization of 3D molecules OPLS force field.* (2018). https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.03358
